docs: minor editorial updates (#345)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/checkout/event-handling.mdx

---
title: Event handling

> description: Learn about how the checkout drop-in componenthandles events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how the checkout drop-in component handles events.
```
